---
source: voice-memo
recorded: 2026-05-11 21:35
original_file: 20150717 211415-4413E17C.m4a
transcribed: 2026-05-29 20:54:32
---

# Um.

 Um.
 Alright.
 This is one of the situations in my opinion that...
 ...when all of the expression came out, that's the stuff.
 You know, um...
 I wanna...
 ...be your friend.
 You are a friend to me.
 And don't...
 ...don't take your family with you.
 Uh...
 Be just...
 ...your friend.
 One of us could stop that.
 But...
 ...whether we ever...
 ...think some alternate future...
 ...ridiculous universe date...
 ...we'd still be friends.
 And...
 ...if...
 ...we stopped talking tomorrow, then we still would have been friends.
 So...
 ...that's not really a bird debate.
 The only issue here is me and...
 ...how I feel and how you feel and...
 ...you're not asking me to...
 ...help you out that way and...
 ...I do feel you're coming from like...
 ...you're right.
 Nothing needs to ex-close.
 Um...
 ...but...
 ...right.
 I don't know.
 You have your boyfriend.
 And...
 ...when you look at him...
 ...at times when you're feeling...
 ...particularly involved...
 ...it's obvious how you feel about him.
 And...
 ...I just...
 ...don't think that...
 ...you can say that...
 ...we should just be able to sit in the car and talk and everything.
 And yeah, that's what friends do.
 That's what couples do.
 That's what everyone does.
 But...
 ...I can't just...
 ...I can't just...
 ...not...
 ...like you if you say something that I like.
 When you get that game...
 ...with your boyfriend asking him things about you...
 ...if he had said that you're feeling flowers on the flowers...
 ...then...
 ...you wouldn't be able to help but...
 ...love him even that much more.
 If you say something that makes me like you more...
 ...then I'll like you more.
 And...
 ...when I look at you and you're looking particularly cute...
 ...then I'll like you more.
 And if I look at you and you're particularly ugly...
 ...then...
 ...I might think that's cute too.
 I don't know.
 I know that I can stop sending you inappropriate texting messages.
 I know that...
 ...I would never make a...
 ...physical move on you.
 And I know that...
 ...I...
 ...should...
 ...be less bored.
 Be less what?
 Bored.
 Bored, oh.
 The last bit of...
 ...I don't know, obvious.
 If you look at me say this...
 ...with those things going on, I got your number...
 ...and I would be subject to the whole three-game rule...
 ...and playin' it cool.
 Um...
 I just...
 ...I really don't know...
 I don't even...
 It would be awesome if I didn't like you...
 ...because you're a cool person.
 Like, how cool would it be to play the game right now, you know?
 Like...
 If you were gay?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that would work better if you were gay.
 Great.
 All around.
 Make things go much better, but...
 ...I'm not, and...
 ...I'm gonna say that...
 ...I wanna fight for you, I'm obviously not.
 Like, I would never...
 ...interpure your whole relationship, and I probably already have, but...
 ...I'm just...
 ...we be honest, and...
 ...I'm being...
 ...sweet, but...
 ...I don't like to have her.
 They may think your boyfriend...
 ...or calls any problem, or...
 ...you know, reach stalkers.
 I know, but he's not gonna feel comfortable...
 ...with me hanging out with you, like...
 ...if we hang out, and you act like it's a date.
 No, you're right. Everything he says is right.
 Like, I didn't have to get you flowers, I didn't have to do anything about...
 ...but...
 ...I wanted to get you flowers, and...
 ...I wanted to hold you over, and I wanted to pay, and...
 ...like, I wanted to be paid...
 ...and I can't blame you or your boyfriend...
 ...if...
 ...you can hang out with me, but...
 ...oh, obviously, I'm not gonna get you flowers together, man.
 I'll try hard not to make this date, and...
 ...I'm trying to prove it, and that won't change, that...
 ...when I look at you, I'm gonna look at you, like, you're the most beautiful girl in the room, and...
 ...when you get off, I'm just gonna like you more and more, and...
 ...it'll be obvious not just that you or me, but that I like you, but anybody.
 I just...
 ...won't open my face, and...
 ...this is the big part, so forgive me for this, but...
 ...you said that your boyfriend cheated.
 No, he didn't cheat. Well, no, he didn't...
 ...it's complicated.
 All right, well, let's say...
 ...but are you gonna take that date?
 I'm sure this is happening in the history of time, but...
 ...that A.A. girl, dating a guy he cheated...
 ...and they were still together.
 Those things are forgiven...
 ...and, uh, people say that, you know, one time things are a meaningless or...
 ...drunk or an accident or whatever, okay? Excuses, but...
 ...they don't work when the person says that...
 ...it happened because they were in love with the other person.
 So what does that mean?
 Begin.
 I guess one thing is that if people can...
 ...overlook...
 ...cheating and lying and things like that in relationships...
 ...because it was meaningless or...
 ...because of an excuse, then...
 ...I would hope that...
 ...you could overlook the fact that...
 ...I'm romantic and pretty about you and...
 ...I think we're not good at hiding it...
 ...and don't be in my life.
 I don't...but I don't understand, like, are you suggesting that I cheat on him?
 No, not at all.
 I'm just explaining that you say if I keep being me, then...
 ...we can't be friends and...
 ...it's the friendship's way of breaking up with each other.
 Just saying that...
 ...people can stay together...
 ...in real relationships when people cheat and...
 ...I would hope that in a friendship relationship they can stay together...
 ...just because one person cares a lot about the other.
 [sighs]
 I'm confused.
 [laughs]
 [inaudible]
 Uh-huh.
 [inaudible]
 [laughs]
 I'm confused with the whole cheating, like, reference.
 [inaudible]
 Alright.
 I'm just...I don't know.
 [inaudible]
 I'm just doing something to show that...
 ...and we shouldn't use the word "friend" all these friends.
 Friends, not being friends all the time for bad shit.
 Like, you and your friend, your best friend, your roommate.
 You know, you guys fight sometimes.
 You should be the one to fight yourself, but...
 ...you should know...
 ...that your best friend and...
 ...you should be the one to fight.
 [inaudible]
 But what...
 [inaudible]
 Wait, I don't...
 [laughs]
 Wait, I don't understand what that...
 What does that do with us?
 You're saying what is going on right now is bad...
 ...and that we're, like, we should sit front...
 ...like, I'm confused.
 [inaudible]
 [inaudible]
 Oh.
 [inaudible]
 I mean, if you look at it like that, then I guess, but, like...
 ...it's not okay.
 Like...
 [inaudible]
 But I have a boyfriend.
 And, like, it's not, it's not fair to him if, like, we hang out and it's, like, a date.
 Like, it's, because it's not a date.
 [inaudible]
 [inaudible]
 I'm not, you don't have to pretend to feel another way.
 You just, like, you can't act on it.
 Like, you can't, like, do stuff that friends normally wouldn't do.
 Like, the flowers.
 I know you said you won't give me flowers, but, like, like, going out and, like, paying for everything.
 Like, if we're friends, like, you know, we pay for ourselves or, like, take turns paying.
 Like, it's not just, like, you're just paying for everything like a date.
 [inaudible]
 [inaudible]
 Like, just sitting and talking was fine.
 Like, that was totally friendly.
 And I liked, you know, talking about, like, our moms and stuff, 'cause, like, we have that in common.
 And it was nice to relate to someone.
 But...
 And I agree.
 But if you were single, that connection wouldn't have been friendly.
 You wouldn't be mad at someone.
 Like, that's what I mean.
 It's all content.
 It's, like, your relationship.
 So everything we have in common, you say, "Wow, this guy's cool.
 We could be great friends."
 But I'm not.
 But everything we have in common, I say, "Wow, this girl's amazing."
 I thought to be with her.
 And if you were single, we could see why.
 But you're not.
 So I get it.
 I'm just saying that it all stands in.
 Or saying that and talking.
 Yes, we're both having an amazing time and it's cool.
 But we're both looking at it in a different way.
 Well, that's not going to work.
 But that's what I mean.
 That's what I had to, if you can honestly tell me that everything you tell is just friendly,
 because you chew the same thing.
 There's times that I'll say something or we'll talk about something,
 and you won't be too friendly fitting in a car.
 You'll wipe me and I get to have a boyfriend and have a kill.
 But yeah, there's things I like about you,
 but I guess I have feelings for you because I have a boyfriend.
 I wouldn't let myself get feelings for you.
 It wouldn't be fair to him.
 That's not something that you can control.
 You either have that or you don't.
 Well, I didn't go into hanging out with you thinking it was a date.
 So I thought of it as friends.
 I get that.
 I really do.
 Yeah, we have a connection, but it's supposed to be friends.
 It can't be a different connection than that.
 And if you and your boyfriend broke up tomorrow?
 I mean, it wouldn't change how I felt about him,
 and like you said, I'd be heartbroken.
 But I don't want you to sit around and hope that we break up or something,
 or wait for that, or fight for me.
 Or I don't want you to always be trying to win me over.
 And I get that, and I won't, and I'm definitely not going to be sitting around
 hoping that you guys break up.
 Not what I want.
 Ew, you guys just go.
 I don't want to be a third wheel.
 We're just trying to get you off the phone.
 I'm not.
 You're coming with us.
 No.
 Yes, you are.
 Stop, please.
 I don't know what I'm saying.
 I just...
 Get off the phone with him.
 You're too gross, go away.
 Please, just leave me here.
 Stop, stop.
 I'm not sure how.
 Everything will work, but...
 I know that...
 I'm looking for something to talk to you about.
 There he is.
 You're not a bad guy.
 You're not the bad guy.
 I know it's not your fault that you're feeling serene.
 You're not the bad guy because you want to be with me.
 That's natural if you like someone.
 It's just you acting on them and trying to get me to be with you is what's not right.
 I know you are single, so you don't have anything to lose.
 But just you acting on it and trying to fight for me and stuff,
 that's not going to fly with my boyfriend.
 I'm not going to be able to be friends with you.
 You're not the bad guy.
 You're not the bad guy because you want to be with me.
 You're not the bad guy because you want to be with me.
 You're not the bad guy because you want to be with me.
 Give it.
 Would you try to sweep all your friends off their feet?
 And that's fine and that's what we can do.
 But I'm sure you don't buy your friends flowers and take them out to dinner.
 And that's fine and that's fine.
 [Clears throat]
 [Clears throat]
 That's disgusting.
 Yeah, but now when they had a girlfriend...
 I mean...
 [Footsteps]
 And I told you I did.
 For a little bit, but then I told you right away that I had a girlfriend.
 Yeah, because I thought we had like a good conversation the first time we talked
 and like we had a lot in common and like I really wanted to be friends.
 [Footsteps]
 [Clears throat]
 So then if you knew that I had a boyfriend the first time we talked and we wouldn't have been friends.
 [Footsteps]
 I mean if a guy's like blatantly hitting on me and like no, I try to avoid them.
 But like you were, you were just at work and you were talking to me so I talked to you.
 And it was completely friendly.
 [Footsteps]
 Yeah, but...
 [Footsteps]
 [Footsteps]
 Yeah, so it's perfect for us to be friends.
 [Footsteps]
 I just, I don't know what else to say or do.
 Like I don't know if it would be better if we just weren't friends.
 [Footsteps]
 I don't know and I don't, I don't want to be an asshole but I also don't, I don't want,
 I don't want to hang out and like you keep getting feelings from me.
 [Footsteps]
 Huh?
 Well I hope you do meet a girl tomorrow.
 [Footsteps]
 [Coughing]
 Well maybe it's just that, I mean you said that since you moved around a lot like no one really got to know you
 because they just thought like you were cute or like we're good at sports or something.
 Like maybe it's just because I actually like was trying to get to know you and like you like that.
 [Footsteps]
 [Footsteps]
 I, I get, I get that we have a lot in common, I get that.
 Like it's not like I don't have anything come with my boyfriend, like we have a lot in common, he's my best friend.
 Like I know we have a lot in common but like we can be friends because of that.
 [Footsteps]
 But we didn't meet years ago and like everything happened for a reason and I think maybe it's because we're supposed to be friends.
 [Footsteps]
 Well I don't want to upset you, I'm sorry.
 [Footsteps]
 [Footsteps]
 Well if we're going to be friends like, like I said like you need to act like my friend.
 [Footsteps]
 Like just act like friends, like you said like listen to music, go to bonfires, like just chill and not go on dates.
 [Footsteps]
 Well are you just saying that or is it going to be a problem?
 [Footsteps]
 [Footsteps]
 [Footsteps]
 Okay.
 [Footsteps]
 Well this was a friendship.
 [Footsteps]
 Well I don't feel it like I don't want you to feel like you can't like tell me how you feel like you can it's just know that like nothing's going to happen.
 [Footsteps]
 Huh?
 [Footsteps]
 [Footsteps]
 Alright well I'm going to, my roommate wants me to go to the diner with her so I'm going to do that.
 You're welcome to text me but I hope you're not upset.
 [Footsteps]
 Alright well...
 I didn't make things awkward, I just made them complicated.
 But if you can act like a friend then we don't have a problem.
 But you don't need to like be fake and pretend not to like me, it's fine like you can't help your feelings but just don't act on them.
 [Footsteps]
 Is this innocent as a nun?
 [Footsteps]
 Okay.
 Alright well if you want to text me you can.
 Alright.
 Huh?
 Okay.
 Alright.
 You too.
 Alright.
 What just happened? Get your shoes on.
 I need to change my shirt because I'm schvitzing.
 Schvitzing.
 Schvitzing.
 Yeah.
 But I keep this in my head.
 I was fucking...
 Yeah you showed me your cap with it.
 Can I ring Bae Bong?
 Sure.
 What the fuck?
 Yo can we go to Golden Dawn?
 Oh god no.
 Come on, come on let's just go.
 As long as Tim buys me a water.
 I will buy you waters.
 Get it?
 Any day.
 Get it?
 I'm all about that.
 Wait that might make it seem like a date.
 Guys this is too much of a date.
 Oh my god.
 Don't come in I'm getting trained.
 Spobby wants to fight for you.
 Are you kidding me?
